Ford's iosys max Tom set some knife is
of hugely complex door mechanism opening
something MW going on industry right
stop
which they close it up see careful
sensor what's going on to the back
increase to do
yes
this is my tricycle
all the headlight
feature kind of Ford trapezoidal grille
however
terrific color
and a lot of people have said shades of
Mercedes b-class and I'm not sure for to
be of us happier that I tend to kind of
agree there is something very big class
mercedes b-class desk about it sort of
slightly oddly proportioned kind of
small euro mpv I take it that this is
kind of Ford's next step on from kinetic
design and yeah i don't know let's see
but i remain to be convinced actually